Add documentation on conditional retries (#11535)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/tasks.md

   ...
```

> The `retry_condition_fn` option accepts a callable that returns a boolean. If the callable returns `True`, the task will be retried. If the callable returns `False`, the task will not be retried. The callable accepts three arguments &mdash; the task, the task run, and the state of the task run. The following task will retry on non-401 and non-404 HTTP status codes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `retry_condition_fn` option accepts a callable that returns a boolean. If the callable returns `True`, the task will be retried. If the callable returns `False`, the task will not be retried. The callable accepts three arguments &mdash; the task, the task run, and the state of the task run. The following task will retry on HTTP status codes other than 401 or 404:
```
